Update Eng/Common Workflow (#899)
Azure/azure-sdk-tools: eng/common/README.md

Any updates to files in the `eng/common` directory should be made in the [azure-sdk-tools](https://github.com/azure/azure-sdk-tools) repo.
All changes made will cause a PR to created in all subscribed azure-sdk language repos which will blindly replace all contents of
the `eng/common` directory in that repo. For that reason do **NOT** make changes to files in this directory in the individual azure-sdk
languages repos as they will be overwritten the next time an update is taken from the common azure-sdk-tools repo.

### Workflow

> Starting from [these changes](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-tools/commit/401dbcaa17075ceb94073b6a4d7acafce8687a5d) the 'Sync eng/common directory' PRs will be created in the language repositories once a pull request that touches the eng/common directory is submitted against the master branch. This will make it easier for changes to be tested in each individual language repo before merging the changes in the azure-sdk-tools repo. The workflow is explained bellow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 'Sync eng/common directory' PRs will be created in the language repositories once a pull request that touches the eng/common directory is submitted against the master branch. This will make it easier for changes to be tested in each individual language repo before merging the changes in the azure-sdk-tools repo. The workflow is explained below:
```

1. Create a PR against Azure/azure-sdk-tools:master. This is the **Tools PR**.
2. `azure-sdk-tools - sync - eng-common` is run automatically. It creates **Sync PRs** in each of the connected language repositories using the format `Sync eng/common directory with azure-sdk-tools for PR {Tools PR Number}`. Each **Sync PR** will contain a link back to the **Tools PR** that triggered it.
3. More changes pushed to the **Tools PR**, will automatically triggered new pipeline runs in the respective **Sync PRs**. The **Sync PRs** are used to make sure the changes would not break any of the connected pipelines.
4. Once satisfied with the changes;

>     - First merge all the **Sync PRs**. The **Tools PR** contains links to all the **Sync PRs**

Reviewer: I have some ideas on how we can help make merging all the Sync PR's easier and also help ensure that the Tools PR doesn't get merged until those are merged.

>     - Finally merge the **Tools PR**. Each **Sync PR** contains the link to the corresponding **Tools PR**. 

Reviewer: Some where in here we should add a note about how the sync works. Namely it works by copying all the latest changes from tools master plus whatever changes are in the Tools PR into the eng/common directory. So if there are ever eng/common changes in Tools master which aren't in the master  repo of the language repo they will also be included. Or if there are ever changes in eng/common in the language repo that aren't in Tools master then they will be removed as part of the Sync PR.

Author: This information is already described in the Updating section. Is it necessary to include it again?

Reviewer: No I think we are good for now. We might need to expand on it a little later though, lets see how folks go.
